Finally we have prepared everything.
And to day we will run our first data upload via SOSIAS.
I hope you're as excited as I am without any further ado.
Let's get straight to it.
To run upload.
Simply click this green start button up at the top.
That was quick wasn't it.
That is because this is a training file and only has 20 rows further in this course.
We'll be working with much much larger files.
The package has been executed successfully and to turn to design mode we can either click the stop debugging
button at the top or click on the success message at the bottom.
By the way if errors occur during the upload this message at the bottom will tell you about it but we'll
deal with that in the next section of the course.
Let's turn to the design mode now let's have a look at our table in the database and check if the rules
are really there.
Right click and choose select top 1000 rows options.
We can see that all €20 are present perfect.
We have one more thing left to do.
SS Let's go back to the control flow.
The idea is that for every analytics project you're working on you will create a new society project
within every SS project for every new data file you upload.
You will create a new data flow task just like this one.
This means that the number of data flow tasks in your control flow will be equal to the number of files
that you upload to a database.
The reason this is important is because when you click the Start button youre launching the control
flow and not an individual data flow.
It doesn't matter if you're browsing inside a specific data flow you want to launch.
You will still always launch the control flow when you click the green button.
That means if you have 500 to flow tasks within your control flow then all five of them will be executed
.
We have already executed this data flow once and we don't want it to run again ever.
If that happens then the dot in the table will be duplicated.
A lot of starting our data scientists and analysts make this mistake.
And I have made it before too.
And that's why I want to caution you against it to avoid duplicating the data we need to disable this
data flow.
To do that simply right click the data flow and select disable and now save your project.
That's it.
The upload has been completed and the data flow task has been disabled.
By the way we're not deleting the data flow task simply because we want to keep it for future reference
.
That's all for today.
Hope you enjoyed the tutorial and next time we will talk about quality assurance of this phase of your
ETEO